Updates to Getting started guide homepage (#11036)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/synthetics/_index.md

    - link: 'https://learn.datadoghq.com/course/view.php?id=39'
      tag: 'Learning Center'
      text: 'Introduction to Synthetic Tests'
    - link: '/synthetics/api_tests'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Learn more about API tests'
    - link: '/synthetics/multistep'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Learn more about Multistep API tests'
    - link: '/synthetics/browser_tests'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Learn more about Browser tests'
    - link: '/synthetics/private_locations'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Learn more about Private locations'
      
---

## Overview

> Synthetic tests allow you to observe how your systems and applications are performing using **simulated requests and actions from around the globe**. Datadog tracks the performance of your webpages and APIs from the backend to the frontend, and at various network levels (`HTTP`, `TCP`, `SSL`, `DNS`, and `ICMP`) in a controlled and stable way, alerting you in case of faulty behavior (regression, broken feature, high response time, unexpected status code, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Synthetic tests allow you to observe how your systems and applications are performing using **simulated requests and actions from around the globe**. Datadog tracks the performance of your webpages and APIs from the backend to the frontend, and at various network levels (`HTTP`, `TCP`, `SSL`, `DNS`, and `ICMP`) in a controlled and stable way, alerting you in case of faulty behavior (such as regression, broken feature, high response time, or unexpected status code).
```

There are three ways to monitor your applications: [API tests][1] to monitor the uptime of your API endpoints, [Multistep API tests][2] to link several HTTP requests, and [Browser tests][3] to test key user journeys. You can run all tests from managed locations or from [private locations][4] to monitor internal-facing applications. Synthetic tests can be triggered on a schedule or directly from your [CI/CD pipelines][5].

{{< img src="synthetics/synthetics_home.png" alt="Synthetic Monitoring home page" >}}

> Follow the sections below to learn how to set up your first Synthetic test with Datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set up your first Synthetic test with Datadog, follow the sections below.
```
